feat: send email after password change (#13553)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

A new scheduled task `media.cleanup_corrupted_media` has been introduced.
It detects and removes corrupted media records, such as entries created by interrupted or failed file uploads that have no corresponding file on the filesystem.

### Send email on customer password change

> There's a new flow: when a customer changes their password in the storefront, they now get a confirmation email. This helps spot any suspicious account activity faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new flow has been introduced which sends a confirmation email whenever a customer changes their password. This helps to identify any suspicious account activity more quickly.
```
